Improve warnings on internal attribute use (#1361)
mono/linker: docs/error-codes.md

#### `IL2047`: DynamicallyAccessedMemberTypes in DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute on <member> don't match overridden <base member>. All overriden members must have the same DynamicallyAccessedMembersAttribute usage.

- All overrides of a virtual method including the base method must have the same DynamicallyAccessedMemberAttribute usage on all it's components (return value, parameters and generic parameters).

> #### `IL2048`: Internal attribute RemoveAttributeInstances is being used on member that is not a type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `IL2048`: 'RemoveAttributeInstances' attribute can only be used on a type
```

> #### `IL2048`: Internal attribute RemoveAttributeInstances is being used on member that is not a type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### `IL2048`: Internal attribute RemoveAttributeInstances is being used on '<member>' that is not a type
```

Write out what it's used on - much easier to find and resolve - and we have the information anyway.

- Internal attribute RemoveAttributeInstances is a special attribute that should only be used on custom attribute types. If referenced in an assembly, module, method, property or event the internal attribute doesn't take any effect

> #### `IL2049`: Not recognized internal attribute

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### `IL2049`: 'RandomName' is not a recognized internal attribute
```

Similar to above, give information which makes it easier to find and fix the problem
